fast
EST
you see
can't possibility
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
in the house
he said
[Music]
10 years
thank you
[Music]
this is Jake here
all right
[Music]
right the shared calls
Pledge of Allegiance
[Music]
there's a chair colds
that's where they approve of the agenda
I'll make a motion to approve the agenda
okay sure
trustee Hall makes emotions to approve
the agenda do I have a second
Vice chair Brown makes a second all
those in favor of the agenda please say
aye
aye opposed okay motion carries agenda
is adopted
okay we have just a
keeping
tackle first
and setting up the negotiation
subcommittee we failed to set a deadline
and Define the process to come out of
subcommitting so with that the chair
calls for a motion that the contract
negotiation subcommittee established on
June 21st 2023 must come
consensus agreement on the
superintendent contract for Brandon
Durst by 9 A.M Tuesday
27 2023
agreement by that time
authority to determine the final
contract that will be presented will
revert to the board charity
I'm sorry
I make a motion but I apologize I can't
write faster I've seen the actual
termites
thank you
I make motion that the contract
negotiations subcommittee established
on June 21st 2023 you must come to a
consensus agreement on the
superintendent contract of Brandon Durst
by 9 A.M Tuesday June 27th of 2023 if
there is no agreement by that time
authority to determine the final
contract that will be presented to the
board will to the board chair
s
okay trusty rainbow Second Step the
second promotion that the contract
negotiation subcommittee established on
June 21st 2023 must come to a consent
this agreement on the superintendent
contract for Brandon Durst by 9 A.M
Tuesday June 27 2023 if there is no
agreement by by the time authority to
determine the final contract
that will be presented to the board will
revert to the board chair debate
um I'd like to know since there were two
of you on those
on on the committee so far
what is the um
what reservations both of you or might
have
regarding this this motion
this is just a break it's the worst this
break system
any further can you talk into the mic
please any further debate
seeing no debate all those in favor of
promotion wait a second here hold on I
do want to debate I'm not sure why we
are adding that clause in there when I
thought you and I negotiated and we came
to the conclusion
just a
this is just a housekeeping procedural I
don't find it housekeeping I find it
I find it the disheartening because we
came with the committee of a yes I know
we came up with a conclusion
with Mr Durst and now you're wanting to
change that
this is not changing it this is just
making giving a provision to bring it
out of subcommittee that's all it's
doing there's no change to the contract
thank you
but it seems like various the chair
calls for a five minute recess
I think we have to go different
directions
[Music]
um
right
[Music]
let's pick it up
videos
[Music]
listen yes
thank you
[Music]
foreign
we use it
[Music]
again
let's just make it
[Music]
easy yes
there you go
[Music]
oh my God
a little bit
[Music]
hopefully done
what network
[Music]
thank you
safe
here
[Music]
's outside
thank you
[Music]
foreign
debate
I have reservations with with the
additional verbiage because it sounds
like you were close to
it
um sounds like you are close to
negotiations and I
have reservations against it I think
it's just is it needed it should be in
good faith
um finalized between the two of you and
brought forth
faith and it is finally this is just
housekeeping
see no further I call for a boat for the
motion that the contract negotiations
committee established on June 21st 2021
must come to a consensus agreement on
the superintendent contract for Brandon
Durst by 9 A.M
to June 27th
23. if there is no agreement by that
time authority to determine the final
contract that will be presented to the
board
to the board chair all those in favor
say aye
aye those opposed the motion carries
next
um consideration and approval for
retaining independent counsel for
general purposes the chair calls for a
motion to Grant the chair authority to
hire legal counsel for Idaho code 33 506
section or subsection 3C for general
purposes inclusive of the budget of up
to five thousand dollars for initial
retainer of legal counsel
Mr chairman
oh I'm sorry
and again not writing very fast here
um I make a motion to Grant the chairman
uh authorization
what did you say for general purposes
I'm sorry
to Grant the chair authority to hire
general counsel per Idaho code
3C for general purposes
of a budget of up to 5 000 initial
retainer of said legal counsel
VES okay Mr chair I would like Mr chair
I would like to amend that motion and
add-on that we should go out for bid
like standard protocol instead of having
it be just your discretion it should go
out to that recognizes
trustee Barton
there is no need for uh Professional
Services
I need a second
the chair calls police says for five
minutes
good morning
[Music]
always
description
how expensive
technology
attorneys
every minute
pretty much
please start out and the benefits
[Music]
I think
sure
what standard protocol is to go out and
get a bid or bids
we do that for anything that we anyone
we hire group we hire
it needs to go out to bid
s
thank you
okay
to discuss
ion
in charge of this
is
restaurants
[Music]
here
okay
thank you
[Music]
foreign
of course
okay the motion on the floor
was to amend
the motion
repeated your Amendment
the motion I make a motion to amend
the prior motion
so we go out to bid so we go out to bed
instead of so we go out to bed instead
of we follow standard protocol we go out
to bed
and so that it's not just at the
discretionary of the chairman it needs
to be a committee if we are going to do
this
the um
is there a second for um
I was second resting Garden emotion
all those in favor but I I have some
questions I have some further questions
for clarification purposes
just think loud because it's really not
good
um you were looking at a five thousand
dollar retainer correct correct
um what was this so I'm curious about
the scope of what you looking at I mean
if we're going to go out forbid we need
to have an RFQ that specifies the scope
the
this is Journal purposes
um so I guess what are we looking at for
general purposes
just in clarification for the general
purposes have that person attend this
meeting be here for the meeting
um be here to look at contracts this is
yes
for your emotion correct
um for for that motion but just in
general I'm trying to understand this
um did the scope of the
what is being looked at in terms but
then who is the recommendation I guess I
also want to know
um before we'll discuss that okay
okay
the motion on the floor is to amend
ment
um
just to allow for
a bid all those in favor of amendment
I
those opposed
[Music]
the share calls for a motion to Grant
the chair authorities to hire legal
counsel for
Idaho
33-506 subsection three seed for general
purposes inclusive of a budget of up to
five thousand dollars for initial
retainer of said legal counsel
VES
the chair calls for a five minute recess
[Music]
every time
search
ing have you
volunteered
[Music]
um
thank you
[Music]
foreign
thank you
this season
wait
let's do this
20 seconds
awesome
[Music]
figure it out
everybody
[Music]
okay
thank you
foreign
all right
thank you
foreign
[Music]
excited
the chair calls for a motion
authority to hire items
that's 506 subsection 3C for general
purposes inclusive of a budget up to
five thousand dollars
thank you
first motion
one second
um
chairman chair Rutledge um
I read 33c
um or 33 506 C or 3C saying that the
board shall have the following powers
and duties and then C is to employ an
attorney or attorneys when deemed for
the best interests of the district I
agree that the board can do but I do not
want to relinquish I am against
relinquishing my
um to look at who's being who the
potential attorneys are and having input
on that selection of attorneys even if
it's only perfect
even if it's not up to five thousand
dollars
my responsibility as trustee
and I firmly agree I don't think it
should be left up to just one person
um I would like to know where this
recommendation came from and potentially
who suggested it
I would also like to have you disclose
who you've been on the phone with
communicating with during our meeting
I haven't been talking
[Music]
he could have been taking it
five minutes
[Music]
may not be on this phone
thank you
I'd be stressed out
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
guys
three minutes
[Music]
attention
it is Rage
Minecraft
[Music]
right
it changes everybody
um I have one more comment on this
um I guess I would say is if the shoe
were on the other foot and it was just
um you know would like to know have a
list of three attorneys that we could
look at to see their qualifications in
order to potentially choose one
attorneys like anything else like
statistics numbers can be manipulated
one way or the other so that's what I
would like to know
um you know have a choice of three that
the board can look at and also I'm
curious
I respectfully ask
um where did the information or where
did the idea for the general counsel
come from
it's been recommended by
um
School Board Association
I have the disclaimer from gosh are
really bad okay
uh this is actual disclaimer from the
website of the Idaho School Board
Association as a member to its excuse me
as a service to its member school
districts and school boards provides
general assistance information regarding
issues of administration related to
school districts however the Idaho
School Board Association and its
employees and agents are not legal
experts and are not intended to provide
legal advice or Services the Idaho
School Board Association is not a law
firm and should not be considered to
legally represent any of its members
school districts their trustees or
employees any information advice
recommendation and other assistance
excuse me provided by the Idaho School
Board Association to its member School
District
including the member school districts
and employees should not be considered
legal advice
Etc each member district should retain
legal counsel for the purpose of
obtaining Legal Services information
recommendations or other legal
assistance and should not rely on the
information or assistance provided by
the Idaho School Board Association for
any legal purpose the Idaho School Board
Association will not and cannot be held
liable for any advice recommendations
information or other assistance provided
to its member school districts and such
members should understand and should
advise
Etc to provide for General and
informational purposes only
by providing this advice the Idaho
School Board Association is not and does
not create any special relationships
with its members other than for the
purpose of providing general information
which should be verified with legal
experts
and I don't disagree with I don't
disagree I'm just saying that if
there's a retainer of five thousand
dollars
choosing a legal counsel of retainers
five thousand but if something were to
happen it could get increased so again I
would prefer I I would want to see um to
be part of that final decision to
um to retain a legal counsel and not
just when the contract is being done but
having potentially three different legal
councils that we're looking at or three
different attorneys firms and making a
decision based on this so I don't want
to really relieve my responsibility as a
trustee under the 33 506 3C
I firmly agree with trustee Hall I think
that it should definitely not be just
recognizes
I firmly and thank you
I just firmly believe that it should not
be up to the discretion of just the
chair
for the retainer that could be up to and
then we'll be out of code if it goes
over the 50 000 and then because we were
supposed to go out to bid for that if we
go out to bid first then we wouldn't
have to worry about backtracking
further debate
here
[Music]
for a motion to Grant the chair
authority to hire legal counsel for
Idaho
33-506 subsection C for general purpose
inclusive of a budget of up to five
thousand dollars
retainers
all those in favor say aye all right
the motion carries
I'll make a motion to adjourn
ing motions
continuous adjourned
me
um
can we take
but the batteries